# CS330-Comp-Graphics-and-Visualization

# How do I approach designing software? How do I approach developing programs?
  This is the most difficult course I have taken in my software engineering journey. The skills I gained will help further my learning and experience of trying to gain a position as a programmer. My code was very chaotic at the start of the first few weeks of the course and I was confused and lost most of the time in those first few weeks, it was not until adding the plane and textures when something clicked in my brain and a light bulb went off of organizing and bringing a better structure and orginization to the code. For future projects I would need concentrate on a more OOP approach to the project and bring more orginization to the program. Iteration was a huge help in the process especially when attempting to position the objects correctly in the scene and to help code certain parts of the program that was either not working or not displaying an object correctly. Once again I am kicking myself for not starting the project as an OOP project where it could of been easier and less frustrating when trying to locate certain lines of code. 
  
# How can computer science help me in reaching my goals?
  In a way I have gained more confidence in structuring code to make sure it goes in proper order to display the objects and also be aware of lines of code that was doubled up and was causing my project objects to leave streaks going across the window with any mouse movement I made, in which I had an extra line of code inside of the render function when drawing the certain object at the time. I feel with the knowledge gained from this course will help me immensly in future programming courses and in real life situations. I feel if I were placed in a position of creating graphics I would be beyond confident in my abilities of what I learned in this course, but not only graphical wise, but more structural programming will be improved exponentially. 
